Some explanations for the revised arguments of the Amiga Demo Launcher (ADL)
beta version 1.0:


General

All arguments are optional. If no arguments are given, a file requester will
open for a file selection and the entries maximum of 10 files will be used
as default if there is no existing playback queue.
If there is already a playback queue in memory, the next entry of the
playback queue is tagged for not to be executed again when using the RANDOM
argument, then executed. If called again, the ADL will execute the next
sequential entry.


Arguments


HELP (new)

Get a short description of all arguments.


MAXENTRIES number (formerly ENTRIESMAX number)

The argument MAXENTRIES is given with a number which ranges from 1 to 99.
This argument can be used only for the first time the ADL is called. All
further times, this argument will be ignored, because the maximum of entries
of the playback queue is initialized once at the beginning and can't be
changed after that.


RESETLOADPOS (formerly RELOADLIST)

The argument RESETLOADPOS is given,the entry pointer of the playback queue
will be reset to zero. This could be used, when a custom playlist could not
be transferred completely and entries are missing. The corrected playlist
could be transferred again, starting at the top of the playback queue
instead normally after the last entry.


[PLAYLIST] filepath

The argument PLAYLIST needs a full filepath where to find the playlist which
should be parsed and its entries copied into the playback queue. The keyword
PLAYLIST is optional and not a must.


NEWENTRY (new)

A new argument to give the user the chance to add a custom entry to the
playback queue with the ADL independent from a playlist.


QUIET (new)

This argument is especially for the use of the ADL in a startup-sequenc
like this:

...
AmigaDemoLauncher QUIET >NIL:  ;No output
...

The ADL now detects after the execution of the last demo and not with the
next call of the ADL if it should be removed because there are no more demos
left to execute. If a running demo is quit by a reset, this information via
the returncode WARN(5) of the ADL gets lost.
The argument prevents that the file requester opens if there are no more
demos to be executed. The ADL automatically returns with the return value
WARN(5) if there are no demos to execute.


MIN/MINS number, SEC/SECS number

With the argument MIN/MINS and SEC/SECS you set the duration of the demo
to be shown and start the external timer. The connected timer at the serial
port will do a hardware reset after the playtime is over. If the demos were
transferred with own duration values via a playlist into the playback queue,
this given argument has priority over the playback queue value.
You can give this argument in minutes, in seconds or as combined values.
The minimum playtime could be given like "MIN 1 SECS 0/MIN 1/MINS 0 SEC 1/
SEC 1". The maximum playtime is 99 minutes and 59 seconds.


PRERUNSCRPT filepath

Now a prerun scriptfile can be called before the demo starts. The full file
path where to find the script is needed. The keyword PRERUNSCRIPT must be
given. This argument has priority over an argument out of the playback queue.


SHOWQUEUE (new)

Prints the content of the playback queue by entry number, demo name, execute
state and informs about the free number of entries left.


PLAYENTRY number (new)

With this argument a certain demo out of the playback queue can be executed.
The number ranges from 1 to the last entry number.


RANDOM

The argument RANDOM uses a random function to select an entry of the playback
queue. Because of the fact that all executed demos will be tagged, no demo
will be executed twice.


ENDLESS

The argument ENDLESS prevents that the playback queue and all resident
routines of the ADL are removed from memory if there are no more demos to
execute. The ADL will clear all tags and restart with the first entry of the
playback queue.


LOOP

The argument LOOP prevents that the ADL returns to the shell after the demo
is quit and will automatically select the next entry out of the playback
queue. Normally this will be the sequential entry. Combined with the argument
RANDOM this will be a random entry.
Caution: Combined with the argument ENDLESS you will get an infinite loop
which you can never quit.


NOFADER

The argument NOFADER prevents that the blanked display is faded out to black
before the demo starts. After the demo is quit (not by a reset), it prevents
that the blanked display is faded in from black to the background colour.


SOFTRESET

The argument SOFTRESET does an automatic software reset after the demo was
quit regardless of any timer settings.


REMOVE

The ADL will be removed out of memory regardless of the fact that not all
demos from the playback queue are executed.


And finally, here's another example of using the ADL in a loop of a script
like this:

  FAILAT 6                ;Abort script execution if error number >= 6
  LAB ADL_loop            ;Loop-label
  AmigaDemoLauncher >NIL: ;No output
  IF NOT WARN             ;If ADL return value <> WARN(5),
    SKIP ADL_loop BACK    ;then loop
  ENDIF
