Some explanations for the new arguments of this beta version:


DemoSelector [entriesmax n] [reloadlist] [playlist]

All arguments are optional. If no arguments are given, a file requester will open for a manual file selection and the entries maximum of 10 files will be used as default.

The argument "entriesmax" is given with a number which ranges from 1 to 99. This argument can be used only for the first time the "DemoSelector" is called. All further times, this argument will be ignored, because the maximum of entries in the internal filepaths list is initialized once at the beginning and can't be changed after that.

The argument "reloadlist" is given, if the entry pointer of the internal filepaths list should be reset to zero. This could be used, when a custom playlist could not be transferred completely and entries are missing. The corrected playlist could be loaded again, starting at the top of the internal filepaths list instead normally after the last entry.

The argument "playlist" needs a full filepath where to find the playlist which should be parsed and its entries copied into the internal filepaths list.


RunDemo [min(s) n] [sec(s) n] [random] [endless] [loop] [nofader] [softreset]

To use "RunDemo", the "DemoSelector" must be called before and a minimum of one entry must be in the internal filepaths list.
All arguments are optional. Without any given arguments, "RunDemo" will try to execute the first entry of the internal filepaths list, tag it for not to be executed again when using the random argument, run it and return to the shell. If called again, it will execute the sequential entry. 

With the argument "min(s) n" and "sec(s) n" you set the duration of the demo to be shown and start the external timer. The connected timer at the serial port will do a hardware reset after the playtime is over. If the demos were loaded with own duration values via a playlist into the internal filepaths list, this given argument has priority over the internal playtime value. 
You can give the argument in minutes, in seconds or as combined values. The minimum playtime could be given like "min 1 / secs 0 min 1 / mins 0 sec 1 / sec 1". The maximum playtime is 109 minutes and 13 seconds or 6553 seconds.

The argument "random" uses a random function to select an entry of the internal filepaths list. Because of the fact that all executed demos will be tagged, no demo will be executed twice.

The argument "endless" prevents that the internal filepaths list and all routines are removed from memory if there are no more demos to execute. "RunDemo" will clear all tags and restart with the first entry of the internal filepaths list.

The argument "loop" prevents that "RunDemo" returns to the shell after the demo is quit and will automatically select the next entry. Normally this will be the sequential entry. Combined with the argument "random" this will be a random entry. Caution: Combined with the argument "endless" you will get an infinite loop which you can never quit.

The argument "nofader" prevents that the blanked display is faded out to black before the demo starts. After the demo is quit (not by a reset), it prevents that the blanked display is faded in from black to the background colour.

The argument "softreset" does an automatic software reset after the demo was quit regardless of any timer settings.
